the Marvel Cinematic Universe begins
with Iron Man 1 Tony Stark is a
billionaire genius weapons developer one
day is captured by terrorists and so he
built himself a prototype Iron Man suit
busts on out of there
he realised that stark weapons are
falling into the wrong hands so he
decides to stop making weapons and
instead make an Iron Man suit he goes
over there fights all the terrorists but
his partner was the one selling to the
terrorists so he built his own Iron Man
suit these two have a fight long story
short Iron Man wins
and he's like screw secret identities
I'm Iron Man then Nick Fury comes off
Sam Jackson he's like I'm building the
Avengers stay tuned for that later
The Incredible Hulk a generic Hulk
backstory you know it Bruce Banner
blasted with gamma rays when he gets
angry turns into the giant green rage
monster in Iron Man 2 Iron Man's a
superstar but Mickey Rourke over in
Russia builds his own Iron Man suit he
gives this one whips skipping over
Tony's health issues his friend Don
Cheadle grabs an Iron Man suit takes it
to the US military he becomes the war
machine but Mickey Rourke hacks the suit
so black widows gotta bust in she's been
posing as Tony's new secretary after his
last one Pepper Potts he started dating
and promoted her to CEO Black Widow
unhak sim so Iron Man and war machine
team-up take out all the drones
Mickey Rourke shows up with a new whip
suit but they Dragon Ball Z bean battle
blast him and the day is saved next up
is Thor in the magical realm of Asgard
lives for the literal god of thunder
from Norse mythology his brother Loki
the god of mischief convinces him to
beat up some ice trolls but this pisses
off his father Odin so he banishes him
down to earth stripped of his powers
Loki sends down the destroyer to blast
up New Mexico Thor fights him with no
powers gets totally wrecked but that
makes him worthy some house with a
hammer flies back boom thunder powers
easily beats up this thing
kisses Natalie Portman flies up there
beats up his brother Loki's hanging on
but then he's like screw you guys I'm
out next is Captain America Steve Rogers
wants to fight in World War 2 but he's a
super wimp but he's got a lot of heart
so scientists like hey we're gonna use
you inject you with the super steroids
boom Captain America so Captain America
fighting Nazis but on a train mission
his best friend Bucky falls into the
snow Oh No meanwhile this Nazi finds the
magical blue cube uses it to make laser
guns and he's like gasps through Hitler
hail Hydra he also did some super
steroids but it backfired and he's got
the Red Skull uh red skulls got an army
of laser guns and this playing with the
super laser new garnet so Captain
America busts on there beats him up auto
pilots too strong only way he can go is
down so he crashes into the Arctic where
in modern times
they defrost him and nick fury's like
you'll welcome to the future
now it's the Avengers shield found the
magic cube so they do some science on it
but boom opened up a portal and Loki
shows up he's got a cool new scepter
uses it to brainwash Hawkeye takes the
Kuban gets out of there so Nick Fury is
like yo assemble the Avengers
we got Iron Man Captain America Black
Widow goes to find Bruce Banner and they
all hang out on this flying aircraft
carrier look he's doing low-key things
but they bust in and beat him up Thor
comes in though grabs him he's like your
brother you can't conquer earth not cool
but Iron Man in Thor fight because
they've never met before
so Loki's captured but hot guys still
brainwashed comes in there boom
explosion makes the Hulk Hulk out so
Thor has to fight the Hulk black widow
on brainwashes Hawkeye n Agent Coulson
dies although he comes back in the TV
show now in New York look he's opening a
portal to space where the army of jet
ski riding aliens come in they also have
space whales so the Avengers Assemble
boom bang pow beat up all the aliens
whole grabs Loki BAM Puni god Iron Man
grabs a nuke throws it through the
portal that blows up the alien
mothership luckily all the aliens were
connected to its Wi-Fi they take Loki to
space Jail and after the credits we see
fan OHS who's that he's gonna be big
later Iron Man 3 there's a new terrorist
called the Mandarin Tony he's like he'll
come at me bro so he does blows up his
house Tony gets in his suit though flies
away but Iron Man's out of battery he
leaves it with this kid while he goes
old-school style but the Mandarin turns
out is just an actor and the real bad
guy is guy Pierce who's got some
complicated plan involving fire powers
to Tony's suit still charging but then
he remembers oh I've got like a million
suits in my garage and they're all
remote control so he has a fight with
guy Pierce where he switches suits a
bunch of times and dumb story short he
wins
now it's Thor dark world so like the
Dark Elves had the super-powerful ether
Thor needs Loki's help so he busts him
out of jail for a little brother
adventure time look he gets himself
killed saving Thor Dark Elves head to
London for the convergence of worlds
gonna use the ether to destroy the
universe or whatever authority he have a
fight but there's a lot of portals and
long story short Thor wins except Odin
has been replaced by Loki oh man what a
trickster and they give the ether to the
collector who's that you'll see now
Captain America the Winter Soldier Nick
Fury assassinated by this guy with a
robot arm it's the Winter Soldier
turns out shield has been secretly taken
over by Hydra so Captain America a big
elevator fight has to bust out of there
grabs his new best friend the Falcon
fights the Winter Soldier but oh it's
his
old best friend Bucky who fell off the
train snow wah turns out he was captured
by Hydra and/or the Russians
giving super steroids and brainwashed
Nick Fury survived so he shoots the main
villain but the helicarrier's have
already launched they're gonna blow up
the world or whatever so Captain America
sneaks onboard reprograms them to blow
up each other he has to fight the Winter
Soldier again but he's like the own when
you're my friend Bucky I'm not gonna
fight you so they crash
Bucky saves him and then walks off into
the distance now it's guardians of the
galaxy Peter quill kid in the 80s mom
dies of cancer abducted by aliens grows
up to be the legendary outlaw star-lord
who loves eighties music he finds a
really valuable orb but this bad blue
guy wants it and he's working for Thanos
who has two adopted daughters the blue
one is nebula and the greenland's Gamora
Gamora finds quill first grabs the orb
but Rocket Raccoon and group the tree
are there they're bounty hunting quill
but the cops come and everyone goes to
jail in jail they meet Drax whose family
was killed by the blue guy but the
morons like you I don't even like him in
fact I'm trying to be a good guy now so
they work together to bust out of jail
and they bring the orb to the collector
and he explains about the Infinity
stones super-powerful stones but they
don't have to be stone shaped the
tesseract was one and the ether was
another this one is the power stone and
it is quite volatile just then the bad
guys show up long story short they take
it so blue guy is glowy purple now about
to destroy the planet but distracted by
Peter quill challenging him to a
dance-off while he's distracted they not
lose the Power Stone bill grabs it and
they hold hands together control it blow
up the bad guy they give it to the Nova
Corps ons and are if that means anything
to you Group saves the team by
sacrificing his body and group survive
these baby group now so cute now
Avengers age of Ultron the Avengers on a
mission tracking down Loki's scepter at
this Hydra base where they also have the
super twins Quicksilver super fast and
scarlet witch's psychic but they get the
scepter realize they could use it to
create artificial intelligence Tony
Stark's like you let's make a super
robot to save the world but Ultron's
like I've got a better idea I'm gonna
destroy the Avengers he recruits the
super twins and Scarlet Witch messes
with their minds including Bruce Banner
so he Hulk's out starts rampaging the
city and Ironman has to come in with the
Hulkbuster armor which is mostly
effective Ultron finds a scientist like
hey build me a body also inside Loki's
scepter is an infinity stone the mine
stone he puts that on there just for
some extra seasoning super Tunes
realized all Tron's gonna destroy the
world so they turn on and become good
guys the body's flying off long story
short the Avengers get it only this time
we
agreement with my virtual Butler app
Jarvis it works they created a good guy
he names himself vision but Ultron's
gonna lend up the whole town of sokovia
euthanize a media or the Avengers fight
a bunch of robots super-sweet slo-mo one
take action scene looks like this one
it's sped up long story short they win
but Ultron had another body
oh no he shoots Quicksilver all sorry
Quicksilver you are cooler in the xmin
movie anyway
Ultron drops the meteor or so Iron Man
and Thor have to double penetrate it
boom blows it up saves the day Hulk
ended up on a plane somehow Blackwood it
was like he'll come on back now boo cuz
he and Bruce Banner kind of got our
romance going but he hangs up on her cuz
Hulk needs some alone time then they
build an Avengers headquarters where
they've got all these new faces now
basically the b-list heroes speaking of
b-list its ant-man Paul Rudd plays Scott
Lang the burglar with the heart of gold
long story short he meets scientist Hank
Pym who invented a Pym particle which
can shrink things down and cool but the
bad guy figured it out he's gonna
weaponize it and sell it so he needs
Scott to be ant-man and go steal it
anyway he mission Impossibles in but the
bad guy knew he was coming he puts on
his yellow jacket suit they shrink down
have a fight in his daughter's room
which is super epic until you zoom out
pink has a daughter hope long story
short she and Scott fall in love and he
builds his daughter the wasp suit so she
gets to be in the sequel now it's
Captain America Civil War while saving
the world one day the Avengers
accidentally blow up one building so the
United Nations wants to put all sorts of
regulations on them called the sokovia
accords Tony is actually for it he
thinks the accountability is good but
caps like yo we need to be free to do
whatever we want we're the Avengers at
the United Nations it's the king of
Wakanda his son the Prince T'Challa but
a bomb explodes oh no who kills his
father who is the bomber
it's the Winter Soldier captrick stone
Bucky but it's like yo man it's not me
I'm being framed
so captain helps him escape but the
black panther shows up to no one's
surprise if if black panther is to chala
they want to track down the bad guy but
iron man shows up he's like he'll cap
you're breaking all the rules you got to
come in and he's got an ally it's
spider-man oh he made it you know
spider-man is Peter Parker we skipped
right over his origin story because
we've seen it a hundred times but now
all the superheroes have chosen a side
and it's a superhero Civil War yeah
highlights ant-man can grow super big
and war machine
he gets blasted and oh no he falls
really hard all he survives but he is
legitimately very injured anyway cap and
Bucky tracking the bad guy Iron Man is
doing the two realizes they may be right
calls a temporary truce but when they
get there they play this
video of when Tony Stark's parents died
in a car accident but it wasn't an
accident
it was an assassination carried out by
Bakke that's like yo man he was
brainwashed it doesn't count but Tony's
like no I don't care so these guys have
a big fight and in the end cap powers
down the Iron Man suit and he's like
you'll forget this I'm retiring now it
is Doctor Strange dr. Stephen strange is
a rockstar surgeon but one day gets in
the car accident and all his hands his
surgery career is over goes to see this
guru that he heard can heal him and
she's like yeah can heal you by teaching
you magic bull acid trip through the
cosmos he's like yeah teach me magic
luckily he's a fast learner cuz of all
those years of med school but there's an
evil wizard with some generic evil plan
he attacks the sanctum and dr. strange
has to defend it with the cloak of
levitation long story short they have a
fight in the movie Inception and then
the Guru comes down but she gets stabbed
and she's like Oh dr. strange you got to
leave the Wizards now then he has to fly
into the Dark Dimension
where he meets Dormammu though he's like
yo man leave Earth alone Dormammu is
like I'm just gonna kill you immediately
but Doctor Strange comes right back
what's up bro I use this necklace to
create a time loop you're trapped in
this moment with me for all eternity
so drew mom who kills him an infinite
number of times finally he gets bored
he's like alright I'll leave Earth alone
so the day is saved except this one
friend is mad for some reason gonna be
the villain in the next one and turns
out that necklace holds an infinity
stone the time stone now it's guardians
of the galaxy vol 2 they meet this guy
named ego who is Peter quill Space dad
wha turns out he's a super-powerful
ancient Celestial he's got a servant
named mantis Drax called her ugly so
watch out for this romance spot he turns
out to be evil wants to assimilate the
universe they got to go destroy the
planet brain baby groots the only one
small enough to get down there and
unfortunately he really wants to press
the wrong button but when crunch time
comes he chooses right boom blows up the
planet of the sisters by the way of the
thing they mostly agree not to kill each
other for now also baby Groot grows up
into teenage Kurt now spider-man
homecoming after the events of Civil War
telling he's like yo don't be an Avenger
just lay low be a friendly neighborhood
spider-man but he does give him a sweet
super suit with all this cool stark tech
then spider-man's hanging around doing
you know not much but one day he finds
the vulture splits in half this fairy
spider-man can't hold it together so
Iron Man's gotta come save his butt
again it's like okay kid give me back
the suit you're grounded so Peter Parker
asks his crush to homecoming
towards out her dad is the
culture though what a coincidence Bulger
beats him up but as he's flying away his
winds are damaged oh he explodes
spider-man runs in there and Forrest
Gump's him to safety Tony's like hey you
did exactly what I told you not to and
it all worked out you want to be a real
adventure and he's like yeah man that
dad be cool but I gotta finish high
school first
I'll see you after college now its thor
ragnarok literally the best movie ever
made when he gets back to Asgard Odin's
acting real weird he figures out it's
his brother Loki even they find their
dad Odin over in Norway he's like sorry
my sons I'm dying also you have an older
sister named hella
who is the goddess of death so Odin dies
and Helen comes out looking hella fine
thor tries to hammer his sister but she
puts a stop to that and breaks his
hammer no they teleport out of there but
she follows kicks them out of the
Bifrost and Thor crashes down on trash
planet he's picked up by sexy drunken
scavenger backery
had brought before the Grandmaster he's
gonna make Thor fight as a gladiator and
he has to fight the champion who is the
Incredible Hulk what yes I know that guy
but Hulk wants to fight so these two
Duke it out long story short it's kind
of a tie Thor gets the story on how Hulk
crash-landed here after age of Ultron so
Thor goes down there and plays the Black
Widow message which makes Hulk turn back
into Bruce Banner they got to escape
through the big portal but they need a
new ship so they get Loki to help steel
one nice little brother adventure
meanwhile on Asgard hell is taking over
earning her name the goddess of death
but Thor shows up the Challenger gets
his eye cut off what he has a spirit
vision with Odin it's like father I
can't beat her without my hammer he's
like what are you the god of hammers it
was like huh yeah that's right god of
thunder boom and Thor is kicking butt
like we've never seen him before it's
sweet unfortunately hellas basically
invincible because she draws her power
from Asgard
so Thorne is like wait a second instead
of stopping Ragnarok well it's cause
ragnark loki goes and grabs the horns
he passes by the tesseract which he
definitely takes anyway throws the crown
in the flames and it's Ragnarok time
baby yeah yeah this guy beats hella
maybe she survives from infinity war
we'll see but he definitely destroys
Asgard but the s Guardians escaped and
they're floating through space now it's
black panther so T'Challa is king of
Wakanda poor African nation but secretly
it's a super advanced society because
they've got a bunch of vibranium
the king becomes the Black Panther by
drinking the flower juice which gives
him you know super powers two challahs
dad died back in Civil War so now
they're having the
official traditional king choosing
ceremony which is just a formality
except a challenger shows up its kill
monger his long-lost American cousin he
beats T'Challa and rules our rules kill
mongers the new king long story short
T'Challa survived he comes back beats
kill monger and even though kill monger
was a bad dude - Charlie understands
where he's coming from so he agrees to
help the rest of the world with you know
humanitarian aid and stuff now over the
course of all these movies there's been
the overarching plot of the Infinity
stones Thanos has been quietly trying to
collect them but now it's time to take
matters into his own hands so now it's
Avengers infinity war at the end of thor
ragnarok Thor's ship was under attack by
none other than big bad daddy Thanos
he's already got the Power Stone which
means he has destroyed Xander and now
he's after the space stone the tesseract
that Loki has he's already beaten up
Thor but now the Hulk wants some he
tries to smash but turns out that os--
isn't easily smashable he busts out some
sig boxing moves and this guy is
stronger than the Hulk Heimdall
teleports the Hulk out of there so Feroz
kills him first death of the movie and
classic Loki hey let me join you but
he's gonna stab him oh but that Oh stops
him he's like oh I saw right through
that grabs him and he kills him what is
Loki dead for real this time maybe so
Thanos grabs the space stone and he
pieces out of there
down on earth Doctor Strange hanging out
with Wong when crash it's a half-naked
dr. banner
Santos is coming Tony Stark hanging out
with pepper talking about having a kid
when dr. strange shows up Tony's like
wait do we have wizards now he gets the
crash course on Infinity stones they're
the super powerful stones that control
the universe or wherever Doctor Strange
is guarding the time stone Bruce banners
like yo man Thanos is legit we got to
assemble the Avengers but Tony's like oh
that's right you missed Civil War of the
Avengers kind of broke up just then a
spaceship arrives Thanos has sent some
of his goons to get the time stone Bruce
tries to Hulk out but after his beat
down Hulk don't want to play
Tony's like yeah whatever I got this
it's a new nano bot Iron Man suit oh it
like ripples down and whoa nanobots it's
got some cool new moves but he still
needs help from your friendly
neighborhood spider-man
Thanos his other henchman epidemis as
wizard powers and they're having a magic
duel he overpowers Doctor Strange but he
can't take the time stone because he put
a spell on it it's bind on equip so he
beams up dr. stern
spider-man decides to tag along but he's
way too high he can't breathe oh I'm
falling down but luckily Tony's got a
new suit for him Oh more nanobots and
it's the iron spider
Tony tags along too and now on the ship
Doctor Strange is getting some magic
acupuncture Iron Man comes to save him
boo boom sucked out into space evany
Ma's gone and they're like yo let's keep
going to Thanos his homeworld we'll meet
him there
elsewhere in space it's the guardians of
the galaxy they run into Thor and he
tells them all about the anise is
gathering the stones now Gamora knows a
lot about Thanos because she was adopted
by him at a young age his plan is to
wipe out half the population of the
universe to conserve resources or
whatever and if he gets all the Infinity
stones he can do it just like that doors
like yo if I'm gonna beat Thanos I need
a new super weapon rocket racoons like
super weapon yeah I'm in so then Groot
go off to do that the other Guardians go
after the reality stone which was last
held by the collector but they get there
it's too late that was his hearty there
amaura jumps in to fight him and OH
stabbed in the neck what - well that was
easy
just kidding it's all an illusion that
already has the reality stone and he can
now bend reality to his will seems a
little bit overpowered gamora's like a
quill shoot me so he can't take me
prisoner but he doesn't want to because
these two are in love finally he decides
to do it but just bubbles come out
dennis is like yeah reality stone bra
and he pieces out Drax and mantis by the
way are fine I guess that's just
temporary back on Earth vision has the
mind stone in his head he can look human
when he wants now and he and Scarlet
Witch are totally doing it but he gets
stabbed by some more of thermoses
henchmen who are here after the mine
stone Scarlet Witch like Cho get off my
man and they get some more help from
who's this in the shadows it's Captain
America yeah he's got Black Widow and
the Falcon with him they chased the bad
guys away then go back to avengers
headquarters where they are still wanted
from the whole Civil War thing but
they're like nah we don't care about
that visions like look we need to
destroy the mind stone so that us can't
get it
Scarlet Witch I think you have the power
you could do it and she's like no it's
in your head that would kill you Bruce
Banner is like hey I think we can remove
it and you'll still live but I don't
know how to do that Captain America is
like yo I know someone who might
cuz over in Wakanda they got super
advanced vibranium Tec now on Titan
Thanos his home planet the gang made it
fine but they're immediately ambushed by
the guardians of the galaxy after a bit
it's like wait a second you're human and
they realize they're on the same side
star-lord and iron
and argue about whose plan is better but
dr. strange uses the time stone to look
ahead into all possible futures and it's
like well how many do we win and he's
like just one over on Thanos his ship
he's got Kimora's robot sister nebula in
suspended animation turns out he knows
that Gamora knows where the soul stone
is and he's like look tell me you are I
will keep torturing her so she brings
him to soulstone planet where they face
the guardian of the stone what it's red
skull yeah apparently when he grabbed
the tesseract it teleported him here to
be cursed as the guardian of the soul
stone anyway to get the soul stone you
have to sacrifice something you love and
gomorrah's like ha joke's on you you
don't love anything and Thanos is like
well that's not entirely true
bad Felicia Hubble throws Gamora off the
cliff turns out he really does love her
in his own weird way and so Kimura is
dead ouch and Thanos gets the soul stone
so the gang makes it to Wakanda they got
King T'Challa the Black Panther and
Bucky Barnes the winter soldiers their
two fully on brainwashed now they have
little sister sure you try to take out
the mine stone but a spaceship crashes
the bad guys can't get through a
conscious force field luckily they have
an infinite supply of generic CGI
monsters who managed to force their way
through so all the heroes suit up Hulk
still doesn't want to come out so they
give Bruce the Iron Man Hulkbuster armor
and it's big battle time yeah out in
space rocket gives Thor a spare eyeball
he had which as much as I like the
eyepatch probably for the best
they meet up with tyrion lanister king
of the giant space dwarves Thanos was
already here he forced them to make his
Infinity Gauntlet and then killed them
all the clasp on their star Forge is
broken so Thor has to use his super
muscles to flex it back open he takes
the full force of a star which as you
can imagine is quite painful but the new
axe is made successfully unfortunately
Tyrion forgot where he put the handle so
groots like hey I got this he grows his
arm out and boom living wood Groot arm
handle cool battle rages in Wakanda but
the heroes are way outnumbered so boom
by frost bridge it's Thor heroes
entrants new Stormbreaker axe he's like
yo what's up Steve these are my new
friends space tree and gun rabbit and
with his power up from Ragnarok and his
new axe Thor is the frontrunner for
strongest Avenger meanwhile Thanos makes
it to Titan the good guys ambushed him
but he is really strong
nebula managed to escape so she crashes
down and joins the fun and with all
of them working together they managed to
subdue him for a minute mantas uses her
psychic powers to calm him down while
the guys try to take the gauntlet off
but when quill realizes that he killed
Gamora he freaks out and starts beating
him which wakes him up and all he's got
the gauntlet back vanos is real pissed
now so he grabs the moon and throws it
at him this instantly knocks out all of
the second tier heroes but dr. strange
sorcerer supreme is master of the mystic
arts he's got some cool tricks up his
sleeve but fails with the Infinity
stones is just too strong for him round
to his Iron Man in his new nano BOTS
suit he's got some sweet moves and
Thanos is like nobody makes me bleed my
own blood but Thanos is still too strong
and he stabs him out he's gonna finish
him off but dr. strange is like wait if
you spare his life I'll give you the
time stone so boom five Infinity stones
for Thanos and he pieces out of there
Tony uses his band-aid spray to fix his
stab wound and he's like hey why'd you
do that I've seen all the futures trust
me this is the only way back on earth
the battle continues to rage Scarlet
Witch joins the fray and he's actually
also in the running for strongest
Avenger but then it's big bad daddy
danos he's way stronger than any of them
and with five Infinity stones it's not
even fair
Captain America holds his own for one
second before Thanos knocks him out
so visions like baby you got to destroy
the mind stone right now so she blasts
it with all her power and it works
boohoo mine stone exploded vision
completely disintegrated but Thanos got
that time stone let me just undo that
real quick and he wink pulls out the
mine stone less delicately also kills
vision but now boom Thanos all six
Infinity stones Fruity Pebbles rainbow
power Thor shows up with these new axe
and it is a really powerful axe Oh stab
stano's what stories like yeah you like
that I'm the strongest Avenger but
Thanos is like you should have aimed for
the head and oh it's the snap and those
pieces out of there and it's like wait
what does that mean what happened Oh
Bucky Barnes disintegrating into dust
Black Panther gone Groot gone Scarlet
Witch gone he's killing half the
population in the entire universe
on Titan mantis gone Drax gone to our
Lord
and then spider-man Peter Parker I don't
feel so good mr. stark
well he's disintegrated too and this
fulfills Tony's worst nightmare of being
the sole survivor
except nebula she's there too so our
huge cast of heroes has been completely
decimated and Thanos with his life's
work accomplished can finally rest and
that's how Avengers infinity war comes
to an end next up is ant-man and the
wasp after the gut punch of infinity war
this was a fun light-hearted movie and
Men and the wasp team-up they fight the
ghost who turns out to be pretty much a
good guy but more importantly they deal
with the quantum realm Hankins wife the
original wasp was lost there when she
went way too small one day so in this
movie they try to go down there and
rescue her and they succeed but in the
after credits scene they send ant-man
back down there to research quantum
stuff and right while he's inside oh the
snap happens and what he's trapped in
the quantum realm you know that's gonna
play a part in endgame somehow and
lastly it's Captain Marvel long story
short Carol Danvers was a u.s. fighter
pilot but an explosion gave her really
strong superpowers I'm talking Dragon
Ball Z Super Saiyan strong but she
leaves earth because she needs to use
her super powers to save the rest of the
galaxy and that's where she's been the
last 30 years but before she goes she
gives her beeper number to Nick Fury in
case of any real emergency and he used
it for the first time at the end of
infinity war so there you have it the
complete Marvel Cinematic Universe recap
up to endgame
[Music]